[Music]
the biggest show of support yet for
Palestinians amid seething public anger
turkey's president put the number of
protesters in istambul at 1.5 million
and offered his strongest rebuke yet of
Israel's attacks on
Gaza Israel you are an occupier you are
an organized gang Israel is committing
war crimes the main culprit behind the
massacre unfolding in Gaza is the West
powerful words from the leader of a NATO
country
but they Echo what people here have been
saying as more civilians die in
Gaza we are with our Palestinian
Brothers we have come here so
Palestinians know they are not
alone We Are Soldiers as soon as we find
the opportunity we will be on the front
lines not at rallies that call to action
is echoed by some Turkish politicians
one provincial leader told Al jaer there
needs to be a peacekeeping force from
Muslim countries to save lives in Gaza
another said Israel only understands the
language of power not words and
resolutions and a third criticized
Muslim countries for failing to support
Palestinians in the same way the US has
backed Israel it wasn't only Turks on
the street foreigners living in stul
also joined the crowd but just calling
for an end to this violence but we all
wonder how is it going to end and which
is going to be the leader who's actually
going to shut an embassy and make a
difference having these rallies feels
great but it's control descent where do
we go now and there isn't a Garen
tonight going yay for Flags in
Istanbul from tan to Aman from muskat to
cabal public anger against Israel has
been rising more strong words from the
Turkish president but that's unlikely to
have an impact on the sentiment in the
streets of turkey and other Muslim
majority countries where people are
calling for not just rallies and
condemnations but actual actions that
will help stop the violence s b jav aler
isul make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer